Go ahead
ah
but we have been state
the sword the armor
I'm missing only
that is, 10 seconds
time gives me time very well I do not have
stick
you're up there I do not even have a sword you know what
that you go to the center
and I want to have a stick
get into the center that they are going to stick
Yes Yes Yes
it encourages me so that when when
one dies then I that with his things
take photo die has been a
loss of good time strategy
strategy strategy
error what horror what horror what horror
that pursues nothing happens because this is
the one of the turtle
this is the tactic of the turtle that
I get involved here and now you meet is
that stands here
by calling me turtle man
I'm dead
and I do not
that I was going to full leather for god I did not
do this as uncle has seen me
if he was not wearing anything so what do you want
I was not wearing anything, I'm fixed, that's my
fuck all my shit because this is
good
and for example
to death because it ends up jumping to a
site where it has no age but not what
you think
parsley
or Tuesday is the best
At least you can not kill me
commented
Y
ok let's look to make
apart let's go
Martha
let's move through the clouds
nice rich subway leaves here there is a
chest I am me or it is worth
we sting life
you know there's an up there waiting there
an up waiting for our fair
we're getting back guys
I do not think he's playing at throwing
berlin sound a bow yes but what
from here and back to the other side
fair
has a helmet is nice note
and the boots that goes puppets to see how you
I'm telling you to see I have to kill you
he's going to wake up and he's going to give you
fall
the grains their mothers point
much
not so
two
I only had him alone
Tell me I will not tell you
what do they say
and I had fallen
motherfucker
with a support that has received
and now now wake up you know that now
wake up have been after half an hour
is going to be and this is so that the
hunger games ' extreme bone
as a last fuck or that all these
things